c:\users\telemetria\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\Ganadero.exe.config
c:\users\telemetria\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\Ganadero.exe
c:\users\telemetria\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\Ganadero.pdb
c:\users\telemetria\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Gui.dll
c:\users\telemetria\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Gui.pdb
c:\users\telemetria\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\telemetria\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\telemetria\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\telemetria\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.exe
c:\users\telemetria\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.pdb
c:\Users\telemetria\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Data.dll
c:\Users\telemetria\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Core.dll
c:\Users\telemetria\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Data.pdb
c:\Users\telemetria\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Core.pdb
E:\Proyectos\07_05_2015\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\Ganadero.exe.config
E:\Proyectos\07_05_2015\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.exe
E:\Proyectos\07_05_2015\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.pdb
E:\Proyectos\07_05_2015\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\Ganadero.exe
E:\Proyectos\07_05_2015\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\Ganadero.pdb
E:\Proyectos\07_05_2015\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Core.dll
E:\Proyectos\07_05_2015\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Data.dll
E:\Proyectos\07_05_2015\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Gui.dll
E:\Proyectos\07_05_2015\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Core.pdb
E:\Proyectos\07_05_2015\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Data.pdb
E:\Proyectos\07_05_2015\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Gui.pdb
E:\Proyectos\07_05_2015\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Proyectos\07_05_2015\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\Proyectos\07_05_2015\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\Ganadero.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.exe
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.pdb
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\Ganadero.exe
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\Ganadero.pdb
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Data.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Gui.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Gui.pdb
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\Proyectos\12_05_2015_Project\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\Ganadero.exe.config
E:\Proyectos\12_05_2015_Project\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.exe
E:\Proyectos\12_05_2015_Project\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.pdb
E:\Proyectos\12_05_2015_Project\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\Ganadero.exe
E:\Proyectos\12_05_2015_Project\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\Ganadero.pdb
E:\Proyectos\12_05_2015_Project\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Core.dll
E:\Proyectos\12_05_2015_Project\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Data.dll
E:\Proyectos\12_05_2015_Project\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Gui.dll
E:\Proyectos\12_05_2015_Project\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Core.pdb
E:\Proyectos\12_05_2015_Project\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Data.pdb
E:\Proyectos\12_05_2015_Project\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Gui.pdb
E:\Proyectos\12_05_2015_Project\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Proyectos\12_05_2015_Project\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\Proyectos\12_05_2015_Project\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\Ganadero.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.exe
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.pdb
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\Ganadero.exe
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\Ganadero.pdb
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Data.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Gui.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Gui.pdb
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Telemetria\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\Ganadero.exe.config
C:\Users\Telemetria\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.exe
C:\Users\Telemetria\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.pdb
C:\Users\Telemetria\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\Ganadero.exe
C:\Users\Telemetria\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\Ganadero.pdb
C:\Users\Telemetria\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Core.dll
C:\Users\Telemetria\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Data.dll
C:\Users\Telemetria\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Gui.dll
C:\Users\Telemetria\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Telemetria\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Telemetria\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\bin\Debug\G.Gui.pdb
C:\Users\Telemetria\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Telemetria\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Telemetria\Documents\GitHub\Ganadero\Ganadero\obj\Debug\Ganadero.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
